MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't hear anything.
6 Aldin Dollens Laptop: you're coming through.
6 Aldin Dollens Laptop: Okay now it's coming through.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Am I am I coming through.
Jim Clark: I.
Clay Coleman: Yes, we can hear you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can't hear me I can't hear myself.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay.
Jim Clark: Welcome to the corona zone.
Jim Clark: there's.
Jim Clark: Any kind of password I forgot.
You know.
Jim Clark: What i'm going.
Jim Clark: To do is take this these off as somebody has a question.
Jim Clark: And then I put this back on here that'll work day.
Jim Clark: But there's like a three second lag is.
me I guess.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't.
Jim Clark: Let me, let me turn them off they did by there's there's no.
Jim Clark: OK.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can hear myself.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: test one two yeah hear myself.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just one two okay now I can hear myself fine well not really fine but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh, can you hear me.
Zuberi, Bilal Mustafa: yeah yes professor, we can hear you okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let me try, one of the thing here and see if that's gonna work I don't know, we had to work in a.
Clay Coleman: minute ago.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and
MS Analytics Class 2021: The audio.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Setting.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah we got.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we've got the right audio I can hear the computer just fine but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: there's something about this microphone setup.
MS Analytics Class 2021: hmm.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well, all right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll have to take these off of I guess.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can put them back on.
me okay.
All right, good good good okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Welcome back to the fundamentals of business programming 601 This is our second week and I hope it's better than the last time, not the last time was so bad, but this time i'm going to take a picture.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As we have people in class.
Actually Benjamin and Jim Clark and.
Okay.
Okay okay oh.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My God.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah okay.
I think that I like that okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So i'm going to see I purposely changed the class tonight, so that hopefully it's going to be a little more interactive and to you i've organized things a little differently last time I Karen.
MS Analytics Class 2021: said something about where's your lecture where your PowerPoint well, I thought about it and I thought Well, yes, I can organize things in the PowerPoint it I don't know it's going to be very helpful or not, but if you go to eat campus.
And, in particular, go to the week to folder on each campus right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What you should see is, you should see the first link, there is the PowerPoint lecture notes and i'm going to be using that as a way of getting down through the material, I want to cover tonight.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and the next one is the week one assignment, this is the actual Python code for the week one assignment, this is my my solution your solution may look a little different or what have you but that's a solution that I use and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then I have another folder called week to lecture codes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Inside of this you're going to see some Code as like going forward in the lecture tonight i'm going to ask you to open up this code.
And you see it says stock template So this is the beginning point for building.
MS Analytics Class 2021: On to the template and what we're going to do is we're going to open these templates up and then add features, to the gui as we go through the lecture tonight So things are going to be a little bit different Please go ahead and open up spider.
I thought on your computer if you could.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Go ahead and open up spider and then.
In the week to folder.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Please go ahead and download the leg of the PowerPoint right here now i'll be showing the PowerPoint as we go forward, but you my speed of flipping the slides.
MS Analytics Class 2021: may not correspond to where you are what you want to do, you might want to go a little faster or go slower I don't know so it's good to have the PowerPoint available to you also you may not be able to on my monitor see some of the slides the slides contain polling.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Python code and so you may not be able to make all of it out on your monitor at home, but if you have the PowerPoint presentation, you should be able to see not only that, but you can have them cut and paste the code right.
i'm sure, a lot of you know how to do that not a problem.
And we already have an assignment and i'll talk about that near the end of the day.
So let's uh go ahead and get started here i'm going to go back to our PowerPoint here and.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is a I actually have three things that I want to do tonight, one is the week one assignment review go over what I would have done for the assignment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we're going to look at matt plot line.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Based formats for graphics and matt plot line, this is in your textbook in the middle of pandas for every one book I think it's Chapter three so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The problem with Chapter three is that some good material in there and the your assignment for this week is to read Chapter three if you haven't already done so.
But there are some things like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: scatter plot that are not in there and time series plots not in there, and those are so basic to a lot of the data analysis we do.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we're going to Nice specifically look at time series plots histograms and scatter plus and from there, we can go farther but those are the basic three.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That I always use I always knew almost ever invariably for every analysis and I do i'm going to do a scatter plot or time series plot, and the last thing we're going to do is we're going to go back and talk about tinker T kenter.
and doing programming, because I realized and working these assignments.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I got really confused I don't know about you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But when you Google know i'm my normal word motive operating as if I want to do something, the first thing I do is I Google see what online documentation there is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The problem is that the online documentation cover several different versions of tea kenter and we're using the most recent version, right now, and so, if you hit some docs that happened to the old version may not work.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The big confusion, though, is that it seems like a quite a bit of the documentation is for tj not to enter.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There is a huge difference tk is the mother of all of these goodies that you see not just in Python but in see in Java and C sharp.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They were all using something called tk.
and
MS Analytics Class 2021: I was thinking about this on the drive end but over the years I probably use the half a dozen or more different languages to build goolies.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Back in the day it was see then then Java, made it a little bit easier.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And there were actually some.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Some where they call SDK development kits we're building goodies that are so nice the probably the nicest one APP it's been around for several decades.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is a software development yet called net beans and the reason it's called net beans is because in the beginning it was based only on Java.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, as the excitement about the whole thing God came around they made the development kit not just Java, but also other types of languages, unfortunately, last time I checked, I found was not one of them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now we're gonna we're going to talk more about this, as we go forward, but I think the first thing to do is to take a look at the assignment and I don't know if you had any trouble with that.
But this is what my APP look like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Here you go so we're looking at the where we want to be able to get the price that's the daily the recent closing price or any stock that's listed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We type in the symbol like IBM, and then the closing price comes back we're using alpha advantage alpha vantage rather and we talked about this service last before the URL is up here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And if you're a little bit if you're a little bit late late coming to the table, please go to this URL and look at the documentation, you might you might want to look at some of the lecture notes from last time.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The assignment was to construct the APP that you see on the slide using together.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you want to be able to type in the code like IBM assemble hit the button price and then display a number 100 Niki this case $118 and the PA.
MS Analytics Class 2021: turns out that something is interesting is going on with the stock and i'm not quite sure what happened but we'll talk about that a little bit later.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you're an investor a day trader there's something strange about this number so we'll take a look at that, at any rate, this is an example of a extremely simple doing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This school he uses levels.
The red or maroon symbol USD and close prize all of those those are labels, they are fixed onto the going three labels.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It also uses an entry box mtr wide box entry box that's where we type in IBM.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This entry box is used anytime you want the user to provide information, whether it's a number of string doesn't matter it's going to come into the system as a string and then you can change it to a number.
really very easy to do that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the last widget is called vision we have on our ui is a button that's the price we click on the button and something happens.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is a typical behavior I don't be whether it's Java C or Python you do in a gooey you have widgets you have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To first of all, you have a canvas, which is that that Gray background that you see there that's called the canvas.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, what you end up doing is placing widgets on canvas and you have a whole array of different types of widgets.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're using the most three common simple widgets of all labels improvise and button click OK, so now we're going to see some other stuff and we're going to talk about the documentation, where you can find that find the complete list of widgets there are about 20 of them and to enter.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The widgets and T kenter are built upon the widgets and tk.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But they're not exactly the same as what the heck why we do this, why did the Python people do this because they wanted to make it easy for you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the documentation and the setting up the widgets and T kenter is a little bit easier, a little bit more user friendly than if you were to use the paper.
MS Analytics Class 2021: which by the way, you can do online look at the documentation and you can do that, you can mix them if you want, even on the same day, not okay.
Is there something.
You could put it like on your shirt.
MS Analytics Class 2021: On your shirt it was covered by the color.
of a man.
right here on your shirt yes, Sir, like that, yes.
Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: OK so.
Now he said a little better.
Good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: raise your hands, so at any rate, we have to enter and we have tk they both provide wickets they are very similar they both have a button, which it, for example, but the syntax is a little bit different depending upon whether.
Shadi Kilani: You get her or tk know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It suppose you wanted to get to enter button, then you type in T tk period but.
And that's probably what you did in your iPhone work that was the example we did want a button there, so I typed in TT K period, but that says, I want i'm going to use that to enter but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you drop off the Tiki gay it probably would still accepted but then you're using the tk version of but which has more bells and whistles little bit more complicated and may not be that friendly okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So for purposes tonight and going forward, we will stick to to enter.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And if you're looking at the documentation don't be surprised if you see a button without the T tk that particular documentation or user is using tk But OK so anyway.
let's move forward here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is the assignment is to set this up, and you can see here the labels lowest price USD symbol, the entry widget.
And the price button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: These are the inputs that we use the first important important requests that's really a thing, without the advantage advantage provides us the data as a json file dictionary.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so we're going to use something called requests to help parse that dictionary, it makes it a little easier for us.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But this has nothing to do with the gui and everything to do with how we're getting the data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the three next one's from take kenter are importing different features have to enter the first one says import everything that's all the widgets.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the second one says important packet no that's not the witch and sets everything but the widgets the next one PTK that's all the widgets So if you want to watch it and the cantor you say PTK period widget name like PTK button etc tk label tk entry get three different.
Which is that we're using here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now here's the actual code.
You always have to start a viewing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: By providing a canvas and when we set up this doing, we have to call it and give it a clean canvas.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And in this particular code where i'm using the term do we when to refer to the canvas so when you call this going you path to pass in the canvas objects.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that's the canvas object from tk not from the kemper, this is the most primitive basic object that they share and that's a blank canvas.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're also passing in the API key which is required to get the data and then you can see here, we talked about this last time I put a title on the canvas not required.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But it looks nice to have the label up there on the on the gui that said something about what this is about, and then we use self API key equal to API p.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I mentioned this before the variables that you create inside of a class like this one, if you use the word self.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then that variable is unique, for every instance of that class if you don't use the word unique and that variable is shared with with everybody.
MS Analytics Class 2021: With all the different instances, so you want to make sure if you create in general, if you create a new variable inside of class.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That the variable name is preceded by self period, which mainly says yeah just for this instance I keep a story, so if I create two versions of the same doing here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those variables will be will be different between the two versions of the different places in memory, if I took out the word itself, they would be using the same variables, and if that happened bad things can happen right things that you don't expect.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right now, then we're going to create a frame teak enter frame rate to get the frame that's tk period frame.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what you're doing there is you're taking this canvas which is clean nothing on it, and now you're saying I declare this canvas to be a to enter canvas i'm going to put a brain all over the scandalous and then it's like a sandbox i'm going to then draw inside that sandbox.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And notice that it says self dot mainframe now, you could have just use main or any other name, you want that's arbitrary equal to TT K dot brain that's, the key word that in the loops in this argument.
that's important at tk frame.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the tp credit and then you have to pass parameters to the frame first to be able to tell it the name of the canvas I was trying to go on that canvas the one that you just I just created self period doing when.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I want some padding three 312 12 okay now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: weird but true.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the space around the outside of the frame the edge of the frame, so you can make it 0000 the brain has an exact overlay on the canvas or.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can do what's done here three 312 12, which is the left side of the frame is three pixels suddenly border the top is three fix with some of the top.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The right side is 12 pixels and the bottom as well, this is kind of screwed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the order here is left top right bottom left right bottom, so I would this is really careless I should have gone something like Okay, the left and right it'll be three and the top of the bottom.
So I should have said three whoops.
right here, a better solution.
would have been.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Left three top 12 right three bottom Okay, so, if you look at the documentation and I read it says left top right bottom and when I wrote that I was thinking left right top bottom.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Wrong okay it's not that bright thought bottom it's left right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't know.
You know the Chinese read from right to left, we read from left to right who knows I don't know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then there was another statement poor grid.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now the grid.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For the frame is real boring, it says, I want one this frame to start with just one cell.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that's going to be column zero row zero cell.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the sticky is Northwest he said, in other words you draw this inside brain start with the upper right hand corner and take it on down to the lower right hand corner i'm sorry the upper left Northwest would be the upper left and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: south east, south would be the lower right, you can think of the compass.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, it says good column configured row configure these are also just boilerplate.
Setting up the frame.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As part of your ui code is almost always the same.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Regardless of how complicated the ui is you start with a blank canvas and you put a frame on it, and now we're going to start populating that frame, by the way.
I could put more than one frame here if I wanted to.
And then your week to homework assignment you're going to be asked to do that, but it's not hard.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now we start populating the brain.
MS Analytics Class 2021: first thing I do want to say Okay, let me put it in the lady, this is a work order right let's do the labels let's do the label three labels i'm going to style the labels antique enter you can style the labels, you say style is equal to tk style you that up front.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is one of those tickets are things that didn't work Okay, but if he can't or I can style those labels.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can say okay style configure quotes T label that strength, the label says, I am going to style T kenter labels.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I wanted to style button, I would say T button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I wanted to style a box, I would say T entry.
Keith Kniskern: Okay, so that's like a code word it says okay we're starting a label here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For grand maroon.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's That means that the labels, the labels will come out maroon that if you wanted yellow you've got that you know you put any filler in here almost any color you want.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this allows you to set change the color label now, this is a blanket style.
But you can set individual labels can have different styles.
let's take a look at this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So here are three labels symbol little slice and USD.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All we have to do here say PTK label, I want to label, I wanted to go on the mainframe it's a big frame we put up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where do I want it to go the word sample column three row one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now this is another thing that you in your start to get your mind around when you're designing a doing usually you're you're on a scratch pad or napkin and you draw out.
Where.
We okay.
I might be given some.
What happens now.
Okay, makes me feel.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Good and so the grid there identifies where the lane was my God and rerun one and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you have a look at this group, this this gluing i'm going to back up just a second.
MS Analytics Class 2021: there's the going.
now wait a minute that's not the gorilla let me go back to previous version of a brewery.
and
Here we go all right, this way is to rebalance.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those prices and follow them one the entry boxes and bound to these two labels in the butner in part three.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's why i'm that label for symbol, you see it said column three.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, what role is it in, there are three rosier row one road to enroll three.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you think you're laying out you're doing you think you're looking at a checkerboard and putting pieces in each of these little squares each square has a.
place a column and row.
And so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Here we go, so the word symbol goes in column three Roman six the top right of the word flows price.
That is.
goes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah the first column road tune and then USD yours road to learn.
What happens in power on through that's where we're that's where we're going to actually have another label.
It doesn't appear the label is empty.
When the button know when the movie opens up you don't see anything there because you haven't given us a stock symbol, when you give us a stock symbol.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This variable so that those price it said $218 closing price so that's what I when you put button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: function let's call by that button click.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What it does is it gets this closing price and puts it in so close price when that happens, it shows up on you're doing magic right now it's empty stock close price is an empty string so i'm creating a fourth label, which is a initially it's hidden.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is column to roll through right in the middle.
Okay.
and
What.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so you can see right here, this is a picture of all the labels and right in here where it's pointing that's where the price is going to go it's empty right now, because we just put in an empty label.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But when we work with a number and it's closed price it's going to show up right there and doing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now this is the code that we use outside the gui to create it and call it, so we have route is equal to tk.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is your tk canvas you're creating the tk canvas and on that canvas you put in the title stock price and then here's the API key.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we say my goal is equal to start going broke canvas that, given the canvas and the API key and then this one displays the good.
So that's that's the Python to actually instantiate the going right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now we put in the entry.
To enter entry, we say Tiki Tiki period entry that's so we have white box.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What goes in the box is a big ball symbols, so that simple, which is empty right now.
so simple as empty so there's just a blank box.
MS Analytics Class 2021: However, when you type something in there and press the button the button will reads that what's in the box so we'll take a look at self period symbol oh there's something in there and it will give that to alpha manage the bring back the stock price.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And here's the button, this is the guy that does the lifting the but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the person's name is called price is the price, you can call it anything you want press me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, whatever you want to put on that by usually put something on the button, to make it and then the King what it's about.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Parents are equal, a hand to what happens here is, if you if you drag your cursor over the body, the cursor changes to a little pointer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Which is telling the user Oh, this is an active button if I press this something interesting is going to happen, so if I press this it calls this function, right here self period stock close.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's a function inside the food and that function basically What it does is it looks at some period symbol and what's in that box what's in the entry box if there's nothing in there, it sends out a warning message.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But then, if there is something in there, it sends it to alpha vantage asked me for stock information that can fail if the symbol is incorrect.
MS Analytics Class 2021: alpha vantage is going to send back a garbage it's not going to send you anything back basically a no file, so you have to be able to check for that, so this is the stock close method.
And you probably recognize this this business with bandage here, creating the URL.
And then, this gets to a request.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That goes out to alpha vantage and then the result comes back here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, what we try to do is we try to grab the quoting the price notice, I have a block here called try except.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When I thought you'd be anywhere, you have code that may fail.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That is there may get an error message from it, you can put it into a try except Lon try says try this Cone it may not work, but try, if it works fine we go on.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If it runs into an air jump down and run this code and to be except lot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What i'm saying here is a warning message goes out and in the basic it says this symbol is invalid and that get that to pop up a warning pop up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, here it is this solution file is in the week through folder.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you if you haven't already done so, go ahead and download that that over.
and
let's see.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i've already downloaded here it's called it's called hw one underscore stock price about key why.
it's in the week through a folder under.
Week one assignment or something like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We show you what happens so i'm going to run it here I mean fighter.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay there it is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, if I put in a good simple like IBM.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Not good that's good and good price.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh wow up a retail price went up yesterday was 180 miles 120 him up a little bit today now what happens if I put nothing in that box and put.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right, it says invalid.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And said, except try i'm going on, if I put in a simple like the price.
There is something for me be.
Let me try like X X.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Nobody wants to be called X X X X is invalid, so this is that except tribal law is that if somebody puts in a no entry or an invalid injury than your traffic and issue a warning that okay I don't know what you're talking about, there is no scuffling with that symbol.
Okay.
All right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm going to stop at the week one assignment here, this is the end of it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Any questions I don't see the chat stream we're good.
hang on just a second, let me.
Oh here.
Okay i've got we've got 42 people online grade.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where is chat if you stop screenshot i'll stop share.
And then I can get, then I can bring it over here, so you can see it, and we can share it again, so I have to stop sharing in order to see the chat is that okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That doesn't sound ready Okay, they said there's nothing on the chat.
I can raise my hand anytime someone has a question in the past i've always been able to see the chat right, I can get it up, for us, we just have to get right here yeah.
Oh right there at the top yeah and then there you go and you can make it bigger.
Okay i've got it.
All right, let's take.
It let's take a five minute break now go to the chart get some water or the bathroom whatever you want to do much better.
Okay yeah this this mass that I was have on in strangling me boy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I got a facial plus i've got a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: bulletproof plexiglass in front of green.
But anyway, I hope it sounds better the main main thing I noticed in the chat system was that people were saying that in couldn't hear me, so I thought well i'll try something different.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay let's go ahead.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, if you would go ahead back to the slide number 14 now.
And the week to lecture area.
and
books, no, no, no, no, no.
I give.
The slide 14.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so we're going to talk a little bit more now about tk for labels and present button and widgets and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then we're going to do is create that take that stock price ui that we use working on and let's make it a little more decent we're going to have 123 or we're going to have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Five different places where we can serve and enter data, the stock symbol is still going to appear in the Internet to the first entry box.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And they would happens now, when you click on price it's going to get to the closing price for the stock the previous price the percent change and the volume so it's going to provide more information, in other words.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah, so there is some code to download its stock price template that's the name of the code that i'll be working off a stock price template.
and
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you run stock price template, this is what you'll see just the word simple, and so let me go ahead and.
Where is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: spider spider Center them okay so here's what you should see you in the first part of this.
template or this widget that what we're setting up the canvas, this is what you have there and we put it in the mainframe.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And notice the value is 512 five.
Left top right column.
Everything else, though, is just the same as it was, from the previous version.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And now, here is, this is already in there, this is, I think that the style for the labels we're going to use Ariel.
So you can actually specify the font you want to use for the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Labels ariel's on every computer now if you specify upon I thought, like apple apple premiere and then the winter to keep somebody gets it, they may be upset.
MS Analytics Class 2021: want to make sure that you're using a fault that's not a patent calm aerials hell Belka aerial career and some others serif they're all windows and MAC.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the size of the letters that you want, and then this is the color that you want the letters to be in black so here are the you can see there 12345 different labels, starting with civil you've already saw that one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so we just say tk label the label, but it on the mainframe label and with this is the label value symbol, and this is going to be cow one row one next one close price column one row to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Next, one previous close column one row 3% change Dome one row for and then here volume column one five so that will give you the five labels that you see here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, what I would do if you're working this at home is copy the first one, which is a simple one, and put it on you know 124 to 40 other copies change the road number 2345.
And then the text that goes in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But other than that you're going to have the same as you see, for several so the only difference for each label is the text that you use, and then the column, and the road numbers may be a little bit.
You have a question.
MS Analytics Class 2021: On the chat okay good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay they're asking about the color.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, by the, this is the system, Brian Brian I think you're referring to the color behind the labels Is that correct or the or you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you want to change the color of the label that, of course, you would just change foreground from black to whatever.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You want to use for the letters I think you're referring to behind the label yeah well, that is, the color that's associated with the frame the TT K frame, so you would need to look at the documentation for TT gave period frame and, in particular, look for background.
MS Analytics Class 2021: or color or what have you i'm not sure what the syntax is for that, and whether it's big or background is usually the most common syntax that they use, on the other hand, it is possible that there is no color for frame.
Not everything is available in all of these creatures, so I wouldn't be surprised.
MS Analytics Class 2021: EG Okay, so it says it is BG until you say beach equal a maroon or something like that, of course, if you use Maru black on black and look really good white i'm wearing works.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if you change the label from black to white and then you use vg for the road with the frame, you should be good to go with that that would be my guess.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then there is another option that you sometimes see and it's called alpha.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now you can set foreground equal to black and then alpha equal to some number between zero and one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: alpha is the how opaque, I will pay you want that color to be alpha equal to one is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: No have a solid color are fully with a point five means you can see, the background, through this color okay so values of alpha between Point five and water common Why would you want to do that well let's see why.
MS Analytics Class 2021: image good that's that's the reason why, but you'll see some people use alpha.
They want a little bit of a background color to bleed through.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay let's go then to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The other label widgets.
MS Analytics Class 2021: there's one called that's not so i'm sorry, these are the entry widgets, so there are five injury widgets on this on the 12345 every entry region would be denoted as.
MS Analytics Class 2021: tk entering see that right here every every Richard always as a variable associated with them, the first one is the variable self period symbol, and the reason for that is because you were either going to display something in the entry, which in order are going to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Have the person enter something there at any rate you're going to X, you want to ask people to access what's in the entry Square.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you widget and otherwise you wouldn't be using the label, so if you're going to access that you need to assign a variable to that particular witches so I have this is the first one from the stock price.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well, first of all, the simple one up at the top it's called self period civil how they that's where we want the person who's using this to write in and simple type in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The next one, so that stock price that's where the gooey is going to write a number that would be battle stock price that he gets from alphabet.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So beginning they're all they're all initialize the blank they're all nothing so they all show up it's just white space here.
Okay.
and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now this is the button at the bottom, the price button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Again, you can set the style for that you can configure the style separately.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you'd say T button for equals and then whatever you want for the color and the font and that sort of thing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then to set up the gta button, you of course want to tell the growing what frankie put it on mainframe what text to put on the button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If they want the person to change and then this is what happens if somebody clicks if somebody puts on the button we're jumping we're going to execute this function or start clothes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where do we put the button called two roses.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Who sticky with the web is left justified in that cell, so you notice that it's over to the left it's not centered if I want to incentivize go Web.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I weren't right testify that go he only.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is what you end up with what you shouldn't end up with if you have all of that entered correctly.
MS Analytics Class 2021: they're using another file that you can download later after class fall stock that P, why this file has all of the code in it.
And we'll run that here, in just a second.
And we jump out of here and go over to spider and i'm going to run stock dui.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Before I do that, let me just make sure that that's lecture code files i'm going to go ahead and open that up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: so that you can download it and run it yourself if you want to make available Okay, so if you go to the wiki folder you'll see about stock that he why that's what we just set up are we talking about how to set that Viola, and now, if I go to that file in spider.
Here and run it bang it's what I seen spider.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, my view is a lot bigger here than it looked in the mind map at home and that's because the resolution on the screens very different from what I have a I have one of those wider Max I resolution things you know the screens Nice, this is a little bit over one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And, but in some ways it's better or worse because, on the screen your screen, you can make it out very well so i'm going to click price without doing anything to it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Simple missing warning message there's a try so when that that function stock close when it started saw it says check and see if there's anything in there Oh, it was nothing in there, but the warning and just click OK, now we can come back here, and I can put it in IBM.
and good price.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There it is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Previous blows now let's put an access.
For in price Oh, my goodness Oh, there is no please you thought, oh no it says stock not found Okay, I was thinking that they're if there's numbers in there, so I was thinking, there was a company with triple X as a spark simple now nobody's done alright.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we put okay not found, and then it clears all thing out when so it basically check to see whether or not that's a real stock if it's not a real stock because erases everything that's on the screen and then you can come back and do something like.
let's see aapl, which is the stock symbol for apple oh and it'll come back.
6 Aldin Dollens Laptop: $192 5 million shares quite a bit.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's our doing i'm going to create sit down right now.
Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And now we're going to go back to the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: week to i'd like you to bring up another folder now and it's called matt matt plot live underscore template that plot live underscore template Now this is talked about in in the next coming up in PowerPoint here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we're now going to shift over.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're not going to be we'll come back to the gooey thing, the last thing I want to do tonight show you how to put graphs inside you doing so what we're going to do tonight before we leave we're going to do a nice little going and inside that we were going to put some graphs in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now you're going to see how to build a gallery where I can put in information I can get back information, as well as visuals dress but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Am I going to get those graphs well, I want to get those graphs using matt plot line, so this is your introduction you, you are you've used this before we use this in southern summer, this is talked about in Chapter three on banda's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and
MS Analytics Class 2021: But Chapter three doesn't cover everything, believe it or not, like five pages, this is probably the most one of the most important things to have in that book and it's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The guy came up a little light with it, I think he's assuming everybody knows this right well everyone even notice matt plot live as little bit the documentation on this thing goes on.
MS Analytics Class 2021: forever and there's some really tricks and things i'm going to show you a trick today on how to do what we're going to do, but it's not, I could not find about the Internet.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you Google on the Internet tinker image tanker graph you get garbage you get a lot of examples that don't work.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because they're out of date or using tk instead of thinker, or what have you it turns out it's fairly simple to do this if you know the trip so we're going to see these great deer coming up in just a minute.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Alright, so slideshow i'm going to kick this guy off from the current slide there we go map bloodline.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so over the lap.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the template the template method that i'd like you to take a look at is good series.
and
Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is the the inside, that template the mat live method there i'm sorry inside that matlab code, there is a method called get series.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And this gets series you give it a simple like IBM you give us your API key this is alpha band, and so they want to be authorized Now this is how they make their living.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you're going to Twitter or Facebook, or one of those other things, what others others, you have to have a you can get an API key, by the way, it's very easy you'd have to have an API key that's how they recognize who are you anyway, and do you always some money, or do we owe you money.
If you're on YouTube they paid, you know how many of you watch YouTube videos how you met three minutes, I want to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You shouldn't you shouldn't be watching a lot of good police videos and YouTube.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Strange stuff so I like to watch the shipwrecks because i'm the sailors, so I want to watch the ship's going down it's like whoa really they did that Okay, but YouTube a lot of interesting videos on there so yeah you can you can you can write the stuff get an API and they'll.
Maybe send you money users, then people watching your video.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're going to use all equal to Boxer turn what is ball inside the offer vantage documentation when you call for a time series it and there's a parameter book poll, and by default it brings you the compact version of the time series which is the last 100 days of trading.
If you want 20 years you change that to full.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So for legal default says this give me the last 100 days.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Only the true says, I bring back the entire 20 years.
MS Analytics Class 2021: By the way, when you say through like that it takes a little bit longer on my computer to bring it back i'm talking to a longer mean maybe four seconds it's terrible and we'll see if your name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: span is the number of years, you want to bring back so standing with what he says, bring it all back now if the boilers thoughts and is ignored because full equal default says just bring me back the last 100 days spam is ignored because.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you do not Interpol or span.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What they are set to what you see them here if you ball get series, with nothing in there for bowl or spam, then they are automatically set defaults and point.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Which means bringing them it'll automatically bring back the last 100 days, if you want to bring back the last year, only the last year, you would set all in full equal to true span equal to one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you wanted to bring back the last five years, which is common you would say, for me, it will be true spanning with a buyer Okay, so a lot of investors, they want to see by the last 100 days, the last year or six months.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The last five years, and so, for 20 years and usually not.
Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And those there is a check here but simple as missing show the warning message and return get out of here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And if there is a symbol their store, the symbol, the uppercase version of that symbol in a variable called see underscore symbol.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Continuing in the code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And this is where it sets up the call to alpha limbs alpha.
vantage back up here, you see it sets up this is the same kind of code reviews before when we want to request data from alpha vantage.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then here's the tricep tried to get the series the David time series, and if there's an exception just say.
That civil was not found.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then return meaning get out of the gate series function.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But let's assume now we have brought the series right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then it comes back and says Okay, now that this is some tricky, this is a little bit of.
tricky code here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The serious comes back as a string bunch of strings a json file Jason five strings.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You want to bring that into business, but in order to do that you'll want to first bring it to nothing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So inside those that file, we have flow numbers and we have editor numbers, so what i'm going to do is i'm going to separate them and i'm going to put the slope arrayed in a number array offload array and then the managers are going into another the array called integer right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now there are actually four floating point numbers that we want to get.
And in here is the length of the series that's how many.
Different prices we have and that's a function of whether you get the ball is true or false.
MS Analytics Class 2021: knows that this is going to be floating point 64 bits, which is very overwhelming.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And integer is going to be in as you're 64 bits also well here the va this is for volume and volume is in billions percent sundar proven millions in some cases, so maybe this is not too bad.
And then there's a reward so then we we set these up to this is where we're going to store the floating point in the industry data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There is another data data coming in and that's the date the date comes into the string year month day in the format that you see on the right there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now this we can bring directly into habits by itself and there's a dysfunction.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Call to a time if you have a stream that's a date time variable you can bring it into bed is directly and you can operate on using this conversion function to the time, so what happens here is it brings in this right now what i'm doing is i'm creating a data frame it's empty.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The only thing that's in It is this day and there and have those dates in there and so i'm setting up this data frame as a date time data frame so there's one column in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And and canvas knows Oh, this is a date column oh now, why is it in bed set of string if you don't do this if you just set it up a string and this thing's got bunch of names in here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But if you say it's the time that creates those numbers those numbers, the dates are not stored strings they are stored as floating point numbers.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In the format for that for madness, the format is special today's if I have a band is variable that's they just they, and I want the year, all I gotta do the same day period year well and it brings back the year they turn day brings back the day they create a month brings that back.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry easy on data on variables you want it sorted and that's one of the big reasons we're doing this is because we do, we may you need to sort this okay and there's some other things you're going to see just a minute that you can do with daytime variables.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then, it says four key in series now what a series.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay.
Let me back up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: series, is that there is a json file that comes back when you say series is equal to result time series daily this comes back from from.
damage.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As a string dictionary basically dictionary pull strings and so that's what series is, and so it says well for everything in series.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now what's in here, what if one of those things flows volume adjusted close date Those are all in there, so all of the variables when I say 40 in series if you print out key what you'll see is the name of the of the variables and so be thinking like close they so all the variables.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now what notice, the first thing it says date ED serious i'm printing the pandas serious.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And what i'm doing is i'm putting the dates in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So PD today time.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Every every element in the series is a different observation and that observation, has the date the closing that sort of first thing actually.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In a key is the day so we're pulling the data we're converting it to amanda's daytime and we're putting that into that Panda series I just created with some fictitious data.
right here.
Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the others i'm putting information.
Karen Fireman: into the number erase.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The editor re.
MS Analytics Class 2021: by Miss going into the Inter inter Ray.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, for the floating point you've got adjusted close close low in hot, there is another information, but this is all that the EU is handling right now, we could have put in other information, but this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: is equal to minus one is equal to one minus one notice it starts here at N minus one part of the problem is, if you look at the series house in order, date wise it's ordered from.
MS Analytics Class 2021: High to low recent, the most recent data is at the top and the oldest is at the bottom well if you're going to print a time series of you want that or reversed, you want it to be both from all the new.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's the order in which would come out on the X axis and the time series.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's why I had to use this I think in here and start within minus one, the first thing that comes in goes into the last place in the series, and the last thing that comes in, as the most recent So it goes in the first place in the series.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I could have just read it in sort of it, but I thought that this was a work a little faster cleaner, but if you're wondering what that is about that's what it's about.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you if you look at the series you'll see that it's by default it's sorted from new to hope, and we need to have it from old to new.
OK.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, here we pray three data frames, the first one you already know about its date the security of zero is the date only thing it's in there's a problem with dates and that's all that is a date on call.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The next one, this is the adjusted clothes, the clothes, the lower and I, this is a floating point.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One pounds for employment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The next one one power volume.
OK.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then here I concatenate the zero def one you have to put these three together so, then I have a date time is my first dog, I have the floating point numbers, you have one, and then the synergies good what am I doing it this way because, not because i'm likely to mix database.
So if you say that array and once everything in the Ruby insurance or floating point or springs.
works better than one okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right now here's a notice that he, and this is something you haven't some of you may not have seen before.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I deep ball, the index for a data frame is 012345678 you know when you run out of data frame the first column is, which is unlabeled.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is the index, and it goes here 12345 right well, you can create a column as an index and that's what we're doing here we're saying sick index column, to the date.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's not going to be a regular variable it's going to mean the index.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And why is that important because it lets you sort by name it lets you grab a specific date out of the data said you don't have to get that observation 10 or 12 now just put the data and it's going to come back to you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And also, when you print out your data, you will only see that first column, instead of being 0123 it's going to be the date associated with each each line.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then here is here is the cool thing about date watch this, this is a tree.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So let's suppose we don't want 20 years we only wanted one year or five.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If spam is less than 20 do this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And look what's going to happen first of all, if it's less than 20 I want to find out what what is the first year here we're in 2021 if it's one year than the first year would be 2020.
MS Analytics Class 2021: span would be one if it's five years back then it's going to be 2021 minus five Okay, so the first year and then the first date of the first year January inverse of that year.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then notice it says the F is equal to dia de colon this guy right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That statement because the index is date.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is the date time variable because the index is a daytime variable I can refer to the items that I want to pull out my that variable.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can say, the first day.
MS Analytics Class 2021: colon nothing that means I want you to go into that data set and cool out everything from the first day to the last.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like that everything I I could also do things like D E, F is equal India greater than someday right pull out everything like that, so there are a lot of things that you can do when you set up a deep as a variable as an index variables and advanced data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then you just return the, and so what happens when I say good series it's going to bring back the information from manage order from from.
MS Analytics Class 2021: oldest to two new ones recent, and it will be truncated depending upon what your spam is, if you got sick if you say smash 20 it's going to bring it all back on 20 years, but if you say span is five it will bring back the last five years old yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's what you'll see there and that code get serious now there is another function called graph Ts RAF the time series, so all right, maybe then follow I just said, but basically the bottom line of what it said was we put all the data into a data frame called vm.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I did frame your columns time series balls and the index is a big time variable so now, I can create a time series plot the bottom axis is going to be that daytime and the vertical axis will be one of the columns in that data frame.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now there is a function called graph Ts and look what you pass you fast that the data frame name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You pass it the time series that you variable Ts as a variable name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The name of the time series variable and that would be volume clothes adjusted clothes.
Change whatever is in that.
Different.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the, you have the label for the vertical axis, that would be things like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Closing price per cent change volume and then the title.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You could just put a blank in there for the title but normally the title would be something like you see in this example, IBM closing prices last 100 days.
MS Analytics Class 2021: or last year last five years, or something like that right, so this is an example of showing the closing price for IBM.
MS Analytics Class 2021: notice they've frame here the column is called close i'm assuming that the data frame was constructed from IBM the civil civil that you have in there is IBM, and when you did you know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Go get basically pulled out the IBM data.
Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So here's how you would go graph, this is the function graph Ts and you can see the parameters in that function, the four parameters, we just talked about.
MS Analytics Class 2021: First of all, I set the set the style for two fonts you can have multiple styles from multiple upon each one here is named pop Warner bought two or three whatever given it a name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They fought a funky whatever and then you use that name, when you set up things like the title so notice down here, it says title, I know, but dictionary equal to fall on the title is going to take on the style that you see up there that says, for one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What why label.
But dictionary, even the platform to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the vertical axis label is going to be smaller size 14 it'll be the same color maroon and it's an aerial thing and the weight is normal, instead of bone.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so in this way, you can influence the graph that you know the axes labels and so forth by using a font style and then referring to that font style and your budget.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay Well, this is this is matt plot live, and this is kind of the typical thing that you'll be doing it's really not complicated, you can get way more complicated what figure big size six by four inches the dots per inch 100.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay nowadays we don't be gay yeah i'd be 70 or 100 somewhere around there the dpi the flood the bigger size, you could make it smaller, you can make it larger.
MS Analytics Class 2021: depending upon what you want to do with this finger now we're intending to put it inside of a ui so maybe a little larger would be appropriate depends on what you're looking at as far as the resolution of your monitors and things like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now the patch area of the figure is the border, this is the area around the block this is the area that shows you where the labels are for the the axes, so your axes labels is in the patch.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well, you can set the color of the patch I was here, I decided to say white.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And here is our alpha.
white.
MS Analytics Class 2021: background leader alphas point eight which says he have not survived that the background leader now if the black red is black you're going to see a different effect, and if the background is Gray.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that depends on the frame which can depend upon the weather, you know your operating system and things like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So patches referring to the border area outside of the graph itself that she'd be as an arbitrary name graph and here i'm just saying this is slept like 111 only one plan know if I wanted to plot side by side, then I would do something different, with.
111 and then one to one something like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This support allegedly do multiple blocks, but this is the default where you see on only really i'm only doing one, and I want the color the face color the background color to be maroon.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I want the actual line that i'm going to draw in this series to be white.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And here's the title of the label, I want to put in a grid looks cool.
Okay, very important, very important listener.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Normally, will map plot live all you do is a lot show what comes up on your screen right, well, we have other intentions, we want to put that blood inside of the gooey in order to make that happen and here's the trick save it into a file so here, you see same thing, but it into a PNG file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't care where you say that, but you need to know where it is because you're gonna have to read it back here in just a minute.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so save it on save big muscle or don't reverse the order don't show it and say I don't work nothing work if you say show it shuts down.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You have to save it before you show because show it says okay do all that stuff up there, well, the same thing is after show it doesn't do it, it won't save it so this water that you see at the bottom here important very important okay don't reverse it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And this is what you get pretty cool i'm.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Looking at the name here, this is the last 100 days September of 2020 verifying that yeah we're just looking at the 100 days, this is IBM was in price.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And notice that this is the call in order to get this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we first said dmp will get serious IBM API and they just say graph to yes, there it goes and here is what we see for IBM last one, this is what concerns me right, this is what's chillier.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We have a huge drop in IBM price, the last couple of days we've done 118 from 130 something.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now this kind of a drop it's normally like not so bad, what are you going to be, if you can explain that ever drop by various things most common explanation is low volume.
MS Analytics Class 2021: turns out that drop accrued on the record the highest volume in 20 years.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah so if this thing took a nosedive on the highest volume in 20 years, so I don't know that's kind of curious I haven't read up on the news something's going on there right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now this is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Closing price, this is for the entire year notice when I said span equal to one wall equally true whoops.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then what you get is last year's flat.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is all last year, and you can see, the little drop your at the end he was over 154 billion came along, and then flew down.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, what about histograms we gotta do histograms right well, you can take that same data frame and let the histogram on it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the call wrap histogram X X label pedal you do not have to have the data frame sorted it's not using the date.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So it doesn't matter how that data frame is sorted it doesn't even matter that there's no data that whether there is or is not a date variable there they time.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The time series plot that you have to be careful about base histograms scattered lots know irrelevant, so I could have gotten the steel frame from some other place maybe there's no Gate in it, but I wanted to a histogram this is how you would do it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay here's the code notice the styles of year for the title and the labels saying that your size same.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The the patch area same everything is the same year until we get down to this area that i'm pointing to right now notice i'm calculating in in is equal to the number of data points that are on in the file.
Number of rows of data in the data frame.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I have to calculate the number of borrowers I want in my histogram.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, some people just send it to 20 and say okay that's enough know the number of margin, be a function of how much data, you have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And, most people will tell you most physicians will tell you, if you're doing the histogram on less than 50 data points you're wasting your time.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the reason is that, with less than 50 data points the shape of the histogram is extremely volatile variable as the data changes so most people will say in order to get a realistic look at the distribution of the data, you want to make sure you have at least 1500 we'd be better.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then, how many beds, how many bars do I use you see it right there take the square root of in that set that equal to the number of bars.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So bands is equal to an integer round the square root of man, this has a name, there is a technique to this approach to getting the number of bars I have forgotten the name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I apologize, I remember the nickname but I forgot the name yeah you take the scroll over to the end and use that to define the number bar so if you have 100 data points you didn't up with 10 1010 ben's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now that's just a suggestion.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You might want to try 20 or 15 but it's a good place to start and it's in regards to against making the mistake of putting in too many bars.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you do an instagram with too many bars, you can see okay oh there's a peek over years of people over there there's a gap here to any bars.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you have too few bars it's like oh there's just one big bar here or two baby I don't see much here that happens when you have a little dated but then you have 100 data points you should have at least somewhere around 10 bars, maybe a little bit more.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So Ben says, an important thing to make the histogram look realistic so it's a plot is for histogram.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Data frame X that's the variable ends density equal to true histogram type bar orientation vertical mean I want the bars to go up not sideways and you can do this sideways like orientation horizontal.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I want the bars to be white and I put an alpha there is to show you, you can do that some of the background Leah.
If you change the point he get a little bit of a more pink you've got looks pink.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and others, vital that the White label should generally be probability.
MS Analytics Class 2021: or proportion and the X label well that's the variable that you're.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know you're using and there's the X label up here in the ball and then the title read here's that same figure again if you're going to put this on a good say that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you're going to put it into a report saving, but just make sure the same thing appears before the show.
And here's what we got now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't know that i'm not sure this is the best thing Okay, but why don't maroon said something we're in a country.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, maybe, maybe that white thing I don't like about this is the white leads right into the boardroom St kilda right here, so I probably should have made this that's why the Alpha in there and I I trained yeah you could have made to order something different.
But anyway, these bars for the modern should be.
MS Analytics Class 2021: hey look at this now on the margin what EE seven daily Volume one to know that's one time standard, etc.
MS Analytics Class 2021: of day, so that one would be 10 million.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To would be 20 million so when you're looking at these graphs watch out for little margin increase like here's the probability going up whether even the minus seven.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay yeah so the actual scale here is this number one times 10 to the minus seven, which is a really, really small number.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't say I don't this is for the last year, so you'd have something like 250 daily trading days in a year approximately that.
Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, what about scatter plot last one one more.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's about the same except you got X, Y X label white label, not just an x not just to watch you put it in both them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now why did I want to do a scatter plot because I want to look at volume versus price, I want to see it price and volume or related.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I want to see whether that one really low price is high volume or low volume, whereas so i'm doing a scatter plot here notice, I have the X is volume, why is the closing price the X label is a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Daily volume and the white label is closing price and then this is the title volume versus closing price last year.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so this is the goal and pretty much the first part of it.
haha I even number of events and parts.
Of this is stupid.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You don't need to calculate been see it's not it's not a parameter in scatter plot, this is an error on my part, but I just copied over.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You don't need in here you don't need bands, this is for the histogram bands is the number of bars yeah it is, but you don't need them and scatter plot, so this should have been a race, I will erase it.
and
You can see plot scatter right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Everything else is pretty much the same name is Jane scatter plot oh one thing that's here that you don't see the others is as equal to five, this is the size of the dot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And if you make the default is something like 10 or 20 and if you use the default it's like it's like a shotgun for the whole paper it's all the way right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But if I make it small enough that I could see this sort of thing to see the dots here are much smaller and it looks a little bit more interesting.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But that yes, parameter is used to control how big that audience now if you have a lot of dots here we have about this is last year, so we would have about 250.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's enough to where you have to make a dog smaller or they bleed over each other that last one over here on the right that's January the 25th of this year month, this is a record low volume and you can see, the volume i'm sorry record high volume low price 118.
A curious.
The room read the news on that.
Okay let's take another break here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: How about a five or 10 minute break and then what we're going to do is we're going to look at how do you put these images on a good.
And we'll see how that's done.
you'll be surprised.
I was all right.
I think.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One So this is the last one bed, and then we'll be talking about this general issues but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the last little bit that I wanted to cover tonight, and this is basically talking about how we read this, all together, how do we put in this is inside of doing this and make it all work.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah, so this is what I want to do.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I want to take that simple spot price agree that we did for our homework one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I want to make it look like something that I really like to use on the right hand side notice the top is the same what's changed is I put the put the image in there are there are a couple of changes, first of all, you see this line, right here.
The line.
that's called a separate widget.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we're going to look at how do we draw lines inside we're doing this can be horizontal like you see here or vertical.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then you see these little boxes, with the check in the so called check buttons I check this stuff and what happens is I get that plot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if I wanted a little bit by him I just click on volume and i'll get the volume plot here at the bottom.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah and this one was done in math block why.
MS Analytics Class 2021: stored in a big file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then brought back in doing.
Number I said there's a trick to this oh it's so simple oh my God.
MS Analytics Class 2021: don't ever go through this I couldn't find it on Google.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The image that you're looking at is actually part of a label.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It turns out, and tk they have an image widget which is out of date complicated it doesn't seem to work Okay, if you Google image.
taker or whatever you get this misleading information about the image region.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah no you don't have to do that in tinker the Labor widget not only has text equal do something for the label, but you can say image equal something.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the labels can be vets or and be an image as long as the image is stored in a file and you use P, ie ll that's the Python image library to converted into a format that's acceptable by the label widget.
MS Analytics Class 2021: so simple you're going to see the code you're gonna laugh at this, this is one of the easiest things it's hard to make the image in math lab lot live than it is to put it into the way to the going.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is so easy it was originally intended that if i'm making the gui and I want my company logo.
I just put a label over here with my logo in.
And you can certainly do that, like this area we here to the right pretty like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We put a logo there who market by putting a label in there and then fill in that label with an ad with the amen.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right, let's see how we do this, you want to open up another file and that file is flat ui template download an open block weekend with this would be in spider.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're going to on making cannabis larger the default camp and canvas in there is pretty small we're going to probably have to play with this depending upon the resolution and you scream.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This size work well on my screen at home i'm using I forget the number but it's like 1200 or something like that dots per inch I mean.
Resolution we may have to change this make a bigger smaller um, this is the whip and line.
In iTunes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're going to draw the separator on using separator widget yeah they got something called separator ways.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and its sole purpose in life is strong locking in you're going vertical or horizontal your choice you can control the length of it, and where it goes but it's simple things like that you can't you can't change the color you can't change the width.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But it is very easy to use.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we're going to add a label called last 100 days.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we're going to whoops we're going to go number five was.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There were five we're going to put into what's called the check button, which is you know those little things with the tech Center.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're going to see those in action.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we're going to pop the time series using that wide wide and inserted into the gooey using the languages so that's kind of what we're doing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, look at the imports now you're going to have some couple of new imports coming in here, and you obviously have the requests that we need that from for alpha vantage we're going to be using canvas.
MS Analytics Class 2021: to grab that data get the series data we're using not be not be nothing to help us with that and then you have T camper.
These, these are the same imports that we had before, but now we have two new ones, one of them, you are familiar with this is the map plot live import.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But look at this next one from he i'll import image cta image, this is the trip, this is the image, this is a library VI ll stands for Python image library, this is a special library it's automatically installed without acaba.
And this is the image library, that is used to convert.
P amp G images.
MS Analytics Class 2021: jpeg images and other types of formats and to the format that's used by the label widget and tikkun.
So that was.
All I.
MS Analytics Class 2021: See adwords so here's what we start if you run the plot doing template, this is what you'll see you see that that we that we were working on, as our first example tonight we constructed this and.
Probably and what do we.
All start.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Alright, so this is the same thing that we use to create the.
canvas to put the mainframe on the canvas.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One thing that's different here, though, on changing the geometry of the canvas when you send them the canvas.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Basically, the canvas can be any size and they create this canvas to be of the size that will hold all of your widgets we're putting the label widget That has nothing in it original one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so we even set this to a larger area where we'll be able to put that image.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that would that geometry and and you run it again, this is what you said.
You see a much larger which.
She doing so we're going to put the image down in this area.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that geometry thing and allows us to open this area up for populating with an image.
we're going to put a separate line right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we're going to put our check button right underneath the line and then we'll go one label down here that we will populate with an image that's the idea.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, this is how you draw a line.
ttp K separator.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're going to draw the line inside the mainframe and we want to draw this line as a horizontal line.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And where do I want to draw the line I want to start the line one row seven.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now that's the first row after all of those labels that you saw wrote seven and here's a new one column span equal to four draw this line over four columns so that will be calling 1234.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And sticky ew east, west you're going to draw the line that's where you want to drive to the east, west corner, to the right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you say sticky money you will won't get a line.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You won't get a line so be sure that sticky say says feet up you draw the line to the right over there over there, to the east.
yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This can be frustrating make that I made that mistake and I was like what where's my line low.
Okay, really.
MS Analytics Class 2021: label.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the label below the separator line.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That says last 100 days.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I want this on growing the lines on rose seven, this is really starting gone one that justify sticky w says when testified places in town one row a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now we need to put in those checkpoints.
it's called to get a check button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Here we go.
MS Analytics Class 2021: here's, the first thing we see, we have a style for tech buttons that's cool I can make the form to whatever I want.
it to be.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is it the same for vertical on I haven't tried that is an excellent question question is if I want to draw a vertical line once it sticky be.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Probably south.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I will let's experiment with that somebody getting the answer that'd be great I haven't I haven't drawn a brewery really that as a vertical line in it, although there is easy it's easy to imagine one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Maybe.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah that would make sense.
Mr goop done is saying sm for South North That would be my first guest yeah absolutely.
Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right, so let's talk about the first check button, the first check, but in the fox going to be around 20 and the background of the thought itself will be maroon.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The first check button is closing price you click on the second button closing price and you'll get a lot of closing price, so I need a variable.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And this is a binary variable 01 at sea for clothes, this is an individual better integer variable and I use the set command to set that variable to zero.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I want to turn it on check mark in there, I would say set one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Set zero says, create this check button, but double check on it don't activated.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you can see here, it says self dot C one different name that, because this is the check button.
See is the variable that check button is related.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I want the checkpoint to go on the mainframe I want to be labeled closing price.
And if somebody clicks this thing I want you to call this function block close.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like the closing price.
MS Analytics Class 2021: On value is one of our you will zero.
Yes, of course.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And now, this is going to go in column three row a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that original label, you know the label and it says last 100 days it went in column one row eight and now we're skipping over to putting this down three.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now what is possible acquire us what goes what slide it's actually a simple function it's a set see the one we this person just good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The first price so sexy one of those other guys that are in this line volume and and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: justin close said, make sure they're set to zero, I don't want to have any confusion here, I want to know that this is what was clicked you clicked on gloves.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the other guys, they would be previously they were still out and check their this on does that check for the other guys clear and then wrap wrap the time series we're closing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so here's the same thing for volume.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the same thing for adjusted clothes notice, they have their own functions, but volume and flood AC and those functions are just like you saw the only difference would be that the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The sex and certainly in 100 it would be 010 or what have you.
yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Step six.
MS Analytics Class 2021: lock the time series using matte black live and then inserted into the widget So you can see there's some photos of years as the graph time series, this is the same code, we saw.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That was used to grab the time series when we were looking at math find lot and notice that you have the same thing down here and then show this is important, of course, but this code is the same that we use in the in the body example the previous blood example.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then not here here are the, this is the big deal here's the secret sauce.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Great create an image opposite using image D day in the library, remember, we said, even a problem, he is important image tk.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There it is right there image tk photograph them edge and open and bring them bring that in from this block be empty right that guy right there.
So it takes the dmg.
MS Analytics Class 2021: figure and creates an object which can be used in in the kicker.
MS Analytics Class 2021: label and where's that right here image equal self IMG object is that easier why Okay, so this is super easy and the trick is to use the library, to make that conversion.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it says, I want you to put this image here row number nine that's the way the bottom right row nine column one.
And the number of columns or the columns fan is a whoops.
And I wouldn't buy me an error here.
Because, on the other, separate reset calm span and now i'm just saying columns equal they I better go back and double check that because that's.
A little bit inconsistent, you have different since the label syntax is a little bit different than separator and other some of the other widgets whether using column span and row span.
Okay i'm going to go back and check that but I do know it works so.
anyway.
All right, let me back out of the time series now and go here to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: lot gooey i'm going to open all this up on.
The campus.
So you have the templates.
And you can take the templates and you can morph them into the final product, but i'm going to give you right here the the final solution.
For these three examples make available.
And so you have a template, which is the, the first step, and then you have the final solution basically it's the same filing without the word template so i'm going to look at plot moving.
yeah this guy running.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, this is what you see when it comes up now, we may want to adjust this a little bit, you can see, there are a couple of things here that is different for me, first of all, this is a windows computer I don't normally work on that and, secondly, this is.
You see, the monitor i'm not sure what but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I asked her a size 630 by six.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you'll notice that, when it opened up the bottom was a little bit below the screen and the right hand was covering up the word volume.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so I just opened it up now now also notice up here, where it says symbol IBM i'm gonna put IBM here, so the style that entry box it's a little bit different from the other inbox.
And now I can click on price.
And there you go, you can see the difference in.
The data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Last 100 days let's take a look at the closing price, so I clicked on that book that came out pretty fast what's.
Now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The problem is with this gooey you can see the the actual image is dropping off the bottom for me on this computer it's been cut that all.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I open this up, you can see that it's there but it pretty much covers the entire if I go over the entire screen, then you can see that it just everything for that right, so if I go volume.
changes the graph to volume it clears out what was there before.
there's something else it's going here, look at the title.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Something I did for the heck of it normally I just for a put in the title, but what I decided to do was to the the Alpha vantage has a search for symbols that simple search.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what I did is I use the symbol search to see whether they can find.
MS Analytics Class 2021: People in IBM, and what happens is it comes back with the most likely match next most likely match, and so forth, and so on, and that gives each one of those matches of score.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And they are ordered from high score to low score a score of one means, most certainly, this is the company you're talking about.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then always versus the first match is presented as the first match and, within that information, you can get all kinds of information about that company, including the official name of the company.
international business machines Corporation.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I decided to use that search to try to find what the names of these places of these companies are so for example here if I type in sob, which is a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: stock fun retraining and silver what this fun does is a via stops from silver mining companies and so it's tied basically to the price of silver that was wondering what what do they call themselves really well if I look the closing price.
here.
They are called vpc.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Shanghai shares silver trust nothing like sob their symbol is nothing like what their excellent Pole, so this is the last 100 days.
And you can see, silver prices are changing, and then you can look at silver and gold in the room reflection of what's happening with inflation and some other things, and right now, people are concerned about inflation and you can see here that silver prices are going down.
Because well, according to the news this is this drop is some people didn't think that the relief bill was going to go through.
And now that it's pretty clear that he felt spending go through probably see this come back up.
Since that's that screen to.
warm up the Malaysian engine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh words thoughts.
About PFC I think that's the number.
and
Then.
know.
That speed up a.
Financial momentum etfs, so this is an ETF fun.
Energy.
and
This one.
Oh yeah the DPA during business hours that than this is an interesting fun, this is the agriculture.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the invesco need db agricultural fun so as the farmers doing better this fun builds up and you can see, during the day, and like okay people like to eat, I guess, I don't know this is 2020 November, they have been pretty odd ever since last November.
I think so.
And anyway, these are different different fields so.
This this is your.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your your code for tonight, and this last code black doing should help you, with your homework assignment let's talk about that we have a few minutes here.
Go to a campus.
And what a week to the campus and you'll see it says.
Down near the bottom here.
We do assignment.
see what it says.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And there's the upload button, by the way, I had a little problem with multiple uploads this first week one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I apologize for that is hopefully that won't happen again, but if you try, you should always be able to do work with a lot of lungs so on your homework, if you find that oh gee I wish I change that and you want to upload again, you can do that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You should be able to do that if you can't let me know send me an email.
Okay here's the assignment.
whoo.
This is basically the same APP that we've been working out so do we have what and something else.
And a little frame here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And inside that frame or check buttons or some of my favorite stocks right like Pfizer novavax.
MS Analytics Class 2021: These are all the moderna, these are all the vaccine people right.
You know more Dan and bison they've been in the mail, I mean the news novavax.
MS Analytics Class 2021: they're coming out there it's their face three now and so was asked her to send zeneca Stage Three and there's a smaller company and her about the other day.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think they call box and they don't have they don't have it's not an objection that's a pill.
MS Analytics Class 2021: wouldn't that be cool you remember Borneo gameboy you wouldn't hear some of you might now only Oh, when it came out was an injection and in a really big needle and then about two or three years later, they changed the sugar foods that was a welcome change.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is your assignment them is to more the blog doing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It is something like this, where you can add in some sort of your of your favorite stocks and if you click on these guys.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and basically it changes the plot down below and, all things this information as well, let me show you how it works on mine my screen now do I have no I don't have it here.
I don't know I don't have the show you, but basically that's the ideas that.
you're going to just add that, so this is a frame.
and
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's called a sunken brain so you're going to you're going to you know where you say brain.
tk frame and you call it may.
Remember that in the in the go you show you where that is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you have mainframe equal to tk for him.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And we're on the canvas calm 000 that's on the campus notice that it says, put the stream on the end is doing when.
I was.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Going on the right hand side.
That frame is not going into the on the canvas it's going into mainframe so you can so these things so i'm putting a frame within a frame.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you're going to say self that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: suffering, or whatever you give it whatever name, you want PTK brain self dot mainframe you want put this frame in the mainframe you can put back.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then words the column where's the row well if you love that.
Oh.
yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then this frame that i'm showing here the type, you have to say type equals sunken to get this little something here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is going in column 123.
MS Analytics Class 2021: row 123456, so this is going in bottom three row one column span on poems six.
So that frame is that's how you describe it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, when you when you attach your check buttons let's see how we get over here.
In our movie.
MS Analytics Class 2021: notice that the first entry in a check button, which is the frame name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right there, so those checkboxes so we added under the separator we were putting those in the mainframe.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now you'll be putting them in this new frame that you create whatever name, you want to use some frame whatever and, of course, the so that syntax and will be the same, except that the regular attendee you're putting these in will have a different name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and your column and row numbers will be relative to that frame.
So you'd be losing something like on one row one on one road to cetera etc right.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this guy here, IBM that's valid one row one apple is going one road to so forth, and so on.
I don't like if the Center line one by changing the batting.
So I added more more padding on the left hand side.
And so it pushes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Otherwise it's all going to be left just about.
now feel free to.
Go be honest, if you want to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One of the things that you don't have here in this example is the ability to go beyond 100 days one year, two years or something like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You have the code that allows you to grab a different range of data one year to year, so you're good instead of just restricting this to 100 days you could allow this to change, you could have a bad for that you'll need a different.
Entry box another entry box and I don't know where to put it, I can, maybe even put in here there's a little little space, right here, but.
Get creative and where I put it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I probably would put it right here, replace this with every box where i'm looking at the columns fan and or make this a well if you really want to get.
You could make this a drop down menu or something that.
We haven't talked about that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well that's all I had tonight other other questions.
It looks like i'm coming up a little bit early tonight.
Oh, we will have Q amp a tomorrow night the usual time at seven o'clock seven 830 and will be recorded and this will be the top so tomorrow and I will be talking about how to morph this ui and maybe some ideas on how to do some other things as well with these.
alright.
well.
Zuberi, Bilal Mustafa: Thank you.
Hermano Ferreira: Thank you.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Thank you, Professor the slides for very helpful.